A section to introduce job logs in web editor (#262)
eu-cdse/documentation: Applications/WebEditor.qmd

Furthermore, if you have created Batch Job, you can monitor its action from the same window. 

## Monitor the workflow

When a batch job is created, openEO's logs feature can help with *monitoring and debugging* of workflows. The back-end typically uses this to dump information during data processing that may be relevant for the user (e.g. warnings, resource stats, …). Like many other processes, job logs can be visualized programmatically as well as in the web editor. 

As shown in the following image, you have the option to access the job logs by clicking on the icon located next to the job ID at the bottom of the interface.

![](./_images/joblist.png)

> When clicking on it, a window emerges next to the interface, as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When clicking on it, a pane emerges on the right, as shown below:
```
